# Portfolio
 Ben Khedher Mohamed - Personal Portfolio React Next.JS   
 [This is the link to my Portfolio](https://bkmed.github.io/Portfolio/)

# Local Development Environment Setup
In order to kickstart the development of your web project with Arter, the very first thing is to setup an React Next.JS development environment.

#### System Requirements:

Node.js 16.14 or later.
macOS, Windows (including WSL), and Linux are supported.
Installation guide: read here

## Getting Started

Name	Description
next.config.js	Used for configuration of Next.js project specific options. You can check all the available configuration options here.
jsconfig.json	Used for configuration absolute imports and module path aliases.
node_modules	All external modules used are here. Do not mess with this folder, as it is auto-generated by using npm install.
package.json	Contains all dependencies used for production and development.
public	Contains all Static files for project, assets (images, fonts, video, favicon) and 3rd party styles(css) files.
src	Contains all React Jsx code, assets and basically everything the end user will have access to.
Node.js and NPM : If NodeJS is not installed then download it from https://nodejs.org/. NPM comes bundled with Node.js

## NPM Packages

Before proceding you'll need to install npm packages. You can do this by running npm install from the root of your project to install all the necessary dependencies.

## Development Server

Run npm start for a dev server. Navigate to localhost:3000/. The src will autometically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Building

Run npm run build to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the .next/ directory. Use the run build flag for a production build.
More Help
To get more help on the react use npm --help or go check out the React Support.
